Bing Life
Wu Tai
Ji Lingling
Don’t lose value
I just want to see if that thing
can be undone
Don’t waste your energy
You think Li Qi would make it that easy?
Then what do we do?
Doesn’t Li Qi want your land?
Can’t you pretend to give it to her first
to get her to turn that thing off?
You want me to hand over our
land to her trap?
Then come over and give it to us
If I’m satisfied
I’ll agree to a few of your conditions.
Hou Jiuling! You
bastard! Demon!
Ji Lingling,
you don’t have much time to hesitate.
It’s not your first time taking the initiative.
What did you say?
Hou Jiuling! You lunatic!
What the hell do you want?
You have three minutes left to decide.
Hou Jiuling!
Lower a bit, please raise it higher.